OSDOCS-10891:dedicated troubleshooting section for data cleanup (#80106)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-data-cleaning-full-cleanup.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_troubleshooting/microshift-cleanup-data.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-data-cleaning-full-cleanup_{context}"]
= Full cleanup of data and configuration

. Run the following command to clean all the {microshift-short} data and configuration.This command performs the following cleanup actions:

* Stop and disable {microshift-short} services
* Delete all {microshift-short} pods
* Delete all container image storage
* Reset network configuration
* Delete the /var/lib/microshift data directory
* Delete OVN configuration

.Procedure

> . Run the following command to clean all the {microshift-short} data and configuration.

Author: done

+
[WARNING]
====
This command deletes all {microshift-short} and user-specific data. Use with caution.
====
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo microshift-cleanup-data --all
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The command prompts you with a message to confirm the operation. Type 1 or Yes to continue, or anything else to abort the cleanup.
====
+
.Example output when you abort the cleanup
[source,terminal]
----
DATA LOSS WARNING: Do you wish to stop and clean ALL MicroShift data AND cri-o container workloads?
1) Yes
2) No
#? no
Aborting cleanup
----
+
.Example output when you continue the cleanup
[source,terminal]
----
DATA LOSS WARNING: Do you wish to stop and clean ALL MicroShift data AND cri-o container workloads?
1) Yes
2) No
#? 1
Stopping MicroShift services
Disabling MicroShift services
Removing MicroShift pods
Removing crio image storage
Deleting the br-int interface
Killing conmon, pause and OVN processes
Removing MicroShift configuration
Removing OVN configuration
MicroShift service was stopped
MicroShift service was disabled
Cleanup succeeded
----

> . Run the following command to restart the {microshift-short} service.

Reviewer: Please, use the full text from the doc about microshift service stopped and disabled. It's important.

Author: done.  Note is added

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_troubleshooting/microshift-cleanup-data.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-data-cleaning-full-cleanup_{context}"]
= Cleaning all data and configuration

Cleanup all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by running the following script. This script completes the following cleanup actions:

* Stop and disable {microshift-short} services
* Delete all {microshift-short} pods
* Delete all container image storage
* Reset network configuration
* Delete the /var/lib/microshift data directory
* Delete OVN configuration

.Procedure

> . Run the following script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command.
```

Author: done

> . Execute the `microshift-cleanup-data` script, by running the following command.

Reviewer 2: Update per pervious command comments.

+
[WARNING]
====
This option deletes all {microshift-short} and user-specific data. Use with caution.
====
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo microshift-cleanup-data --all
----
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[TIP]
```
We could make this a Tip instead.

====

> The script prompts you with a message to confirm the operation. Type 1 or Yes to continue, or anything else to abort the cleanup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script prompts you with a message to confirm the operation. Type 1 or Yes to continue. Any other entries abort the cleanup.
```

====
+

> .Example output when you abort the cleanup

Reviewer 2: I think these examples should be reversed because we tell users how to continue in the Note first.

> .Example output when you abort the cleanup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. At the prompt, type 1 or Yes to continue the cleanup. Type anything else to abort it.
[source,terminal]
----
DATA LOSS WARNING: Do you wish to stop and clean ALL MicroShift data AND cri-o container workloads?
1) Yes
2) No
#? no
Aborting cleanup
----

.Example output when you abort the cleanup
```

[source,terminal]
----
DATA LOSS WARNING: Do you wish to stop and clean ALL MicroShift data AND cri-o container workloads?
1) Yes
2) No
#? no
Aborting cleanup
----
+
.Example output when you continue the cleanup
[source,terminal]
----
DATA LOSS WARNING: Do you wish to stop and clean ALL MicroShift data AND cri-o container workloads?
1) Yes
2) No
#? 1
Stopping MicroShift services
Disabling MicroShift services
Removing MicroShift pods
Removing crio image storage
Deleting the br-int interface
Killing conmon, pause and OVN processes
Removing MicroShift configuration
Removing OVN configuration
MicroShift service was stopped
MicroShift service was disabled
Cleanup succeeded
----
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
```

====
The {microshift-short} service is stopped and disabled after executing the script.
====

> . Restart the {microshift-short} service by running the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Restart the {microshift-short} service by running the following command:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_troubleshooting/microshift-cleanup-data.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-data-cleaning-full-cleanup_{context}"]
= Cleaning all data and configuration

> Cleanup all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script.

Reviewer 3: Same comments about starting this section with "you can" and also about splitting "cleanup" into two words:
```suggestion
You can clean up all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script.
```

When you run the script with the `--all` argument, you perform the following cleanup actions:

> * All {microshift-short} services are stopped and disabled
> * Deletes all {microshift-short} pods
> * Deletes all container image storage
> * Reset network configuration
> * Deletes the `/var/lib/microshift` data directory
> * Deletes OVN-K networking configuration

Reviewer 3: Same comment as earlier, up to you:
```suggestion
* Stop and disable all {microshift-short} services
* Delete all {microshift-short} pods
* Delete all container image storage
* Reset network configuration
* Delete the `/var/lib/microshift` data directory
* Delete OVN-K networking configuration
```

.Prerequisites

> . You are logged into the {microshift-short} as an administrator with root-user access.
> . You have filed a support case.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as earlier:
```suggestion
* You are logged into the {microshift-short} as an administrator with root-user access.
* You have filed a support case.
```

.Procedure

> . Cleanup all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script with the `--all` argument, by entering the following command:

Reviewer 3: Same comment:
```suggestion
. Clean up all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script with the `--all` argument, by entering the following command:
```

> . Cleanup all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script with the `--all` argument, by entering the following command:

Reviewer 3: Also same comment about removing the description of the command when you can see what's in the command directly below:
```suggestion
. Cleanup all the {microshift-short} data and configuration by entering the following command:
```

+
[WARNING]
====
This option deletes all {microshift-short} data and user workloads. Use with caution.
====
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo microshift-cleanup-data --all
----
+
[TIP]
====

> The script prompts you with a message to confirm the operation. Type 1 or Yes to continue. Any other entries abort the cleanup.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The script prompts you with a message to confirm the operation. Type 1 or Yes to continue. Any other entries cancel the cleanup.
```

Reviewer 4: RedHat.TermsErrors 40(109-114) Use 'cancel' or 'stop' rather than 'abort'.

====
+
.Example output when you continue the cleanup
[source,terminal]
----
DATA LOSS WARNING: Do you wish to stop and clean ALL MicroShift data AND cri-o container workloads?
1) Yes
2) No
#? 1
Stopping MicroShift services
Disabling MicroShift services
Removing MicroShift pods
Removing crio image storage
Deleting the br-int interface
Killing conmon, pause and OVN processes
Removing MicroShift configuration
Removing OVN configuration
MicroShift service was stopped
MicroShift service was disabled
Cleanup succeeded
----
+

> .Example output when you abort the cleanup

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.Example output when you cancel the cleanup
```

Reviewer 4: RedHat.TermsErrors 63(25-30) Use 'cancel' or 'stop' rather than 'abort'.

> .At the prompt, type 1 or Yes to continue the cleanup. Type anything else to abort it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example output when you abort the cleanup
```

To be consistent with previous messaging.
